From the sixth to the eighth time, Cologne has had three most beautiful matches, the second one
Clip Sunday youth researchers held
an event where the practice coffee
stood at the top
in front of an improved Cologne as cash tons
Far East a total of 50 applicants twelve teenagers aged 13 to 17
Years ago with the help of six experienced tutors their knowledge about the topic
Cards to an intense he continues
Themes around your own country was there to see the fishing with the help of Boc and
echo sounder
the sensible use of the Angel photo and the feature unite stood in the
focus
Supervisors are each two young people with advice and practical help
At the same time, the adolescents should not be limited to the experienced caregivers
over the shoulder
to really outsmart the German largely independent attempts
well-known teammanger and authors called marjoram thyme or Georg
Romans or plans provide Dr gave valuable tips
peacefully elicit some secrets
and one or the other fish land
As angling waters this was a 23-acre gravel pit with a
depths of four to twelve feet available
This will be tested some place
but also many obstacles
Many of the participants borrowed from such waters uncharted territory
and thus an exciting matter
successfully a total of ten carp were caught in which the
Size carp brought 18 kilos to Libra
a total of twelve sponsors and magazines filed away and turn signals steered
Bait small parts clothing and reading material for the young people was
including well-known companies such as Shimano's in the ground
if the post office in the Netherlands I think that is really very well organized
the land gets paid on many little things and t-shirts
answer to black
Essentially, the supervisor's attempt by his sponsors
to acquire a manhole cover for his adolescents
the common food
Barbecues and the presentation of slide shows not only promotes them
Dialogue and exchange of experience between young people but also between the
caregivers
while sharing a barbecue, they talked about the latest topics the newest
Title and experience on the first already spent a night
the organizers ride the story Georg & more from
Sheen, incidentally, both board members are the long running club
made for the physical well and a smooth flow
Next to it were other volunteers helping to the side and above
to succeed in the event
the guarantee
with the Bendix is ​​also going to be there again